Hello and welcome to SamsungMania.cz
Samsung Galaxy W has got a new FW update, which we can call "Value Pack"
Phone didn't get latest Android ICS, but has Android 2.3.6 with some added value and minor improvements.
Let's look, what news this FW upgrade brings
First change is vissible while unlocking, it is called Face unlock
Samsung added blink recognition to ensure noone can unlock your phone with your photograph.
I am going to try it now
It is important to fit your head into prepared cut-out section, one blink and phone is unlocked.
If your face is unknown, you can unlock phone the other way, which you have to set while registering four face.
In Settings - Accessibility there is new option called Font Size. You can set it for calendar, contacts, memo and messages.
"Very big" is bigger than "normal", but don't expect some huge differences.
Among other changes, there are new Apps - Google+, Google Books and Google Chat
I find cellphone quite quick, image transitions are smoother, there is new lockscreen - to show it, I have to disable screen lock.
Now we can see different animation while unlocking
You can expect the same what you could expect with older FW version
Update improves several functions and brings some minor improvements
It is officialy the final stage, Galaxy W can be in
We expect no more updates for Galaxy W, ICS is for Galaxy W users inaccessible.
Thanks for watching.